Number of improvements (#57)
cfw-guide/dsi.cfw.guide: _pages/en_US/troubleshooting.md

{% include toc title="Table of Contents" %}

## Unlaunch
### Unlaunch freezes at `MISMATCH IN FAT COPIES`?
twlnf has a critical bug that doesn't properly update the entire NAND after modifying it, which causes certain homebrew (like the Unlaunch installer) to throw an error.

> While fixable, the method to do so isn't set in stone and largely varies between systems. One method is to delete any DSiWare installed via twlnf in the past, but it has also been reported that moving *all* DSiWare to the SD card and back to the system can help in some cases.

Reviewer: Mentioned this on Discord too, should add something about that you need to update if you downgraded with TWLnf

## hiyaCFW
### "An Error Has Occurred"
There are several reasons you might get this error:

- **Too Much Free Space:** Refollow [Section III of hiyaCFW setup](/hiyacfw-setup#section-iii---maximizing-available-space)

> - **Over 39 Titles:** There is a limit of 39 titles on your DSi System Menu. Delete any additional folders from `/title`

Reviewer: Also mentioned on Discord, add a bullet for too much (non-system) DSiWare about the 25MB limit

Author: "To much DSiWare" uhhh

Reviewer: Oh oops lol, do you have an idea for something better than "too much DSiWare"? Its really DSiWare using too much space, but that's kinda long... Otherwise:
```suggestion
- **Over 39 Titles:** There is a limit of 39 titles on your DSi System Menu. Delete any additional folders from `/title`
- **Too much DSiWare:** There is also a limit of 200 blocks (25MB) for DSiWare in the `00030004` folder. This can be worked around by installing as system apps using [TMFH](https://github.com/JeffRuLz/TMFH/releases/latest)
```
There's not a section on TMFH, right? Maybe that should be explained more, but I'll just leave it as this for now

Author: Yeah, there isn't a section on TMFH. No one ever made a page for that.
If you'd like to do so, be my guest. I don't own a DSi so I certainly can't.

Reviewer: -resolved-

{% include toc title="Table of Contents" %}

## Unlaunch
### Unlaunch freezes at `MISMATCH IN FAT COPIES`?
twlnf has a critical bug where it does not properly update the entire NAND after modifying it, which causes certain homebrew (like the Unlaunch installer) to throw an error.

While fixable, the method to do so isn't set in stone and largely varies between systems. One method is to delete any DSiWare installed via twlnf in the past, but it has also been reported that moving *all* DSiWare to the SD card and back to the system can help in some cases.

> If you have downgraded the system in the past, updating back to v1.4.5 (or v1.4.6 if your DS region is Chinese) will fix this bug as well.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have downgraded the system in the past, updating back to v1.4.5 (or v1.4.6 if your DS region is Chinese or Korean) will fix this bug as well.
```
Oh, I guess Korea did get 1.4.6 😅, I didn't update mine from 1.4.2 and had always only heard 1.4.6C, but someone on Discord just sent a picture of 1.4.6K and its listed on the [Chinese wikipedia page](https://zh.wikipedia.org/wiki/任天堂DSi系统软件) (not on the english one)

Reviewer 2: Sometimes downgrading isn't enough, say if they also installed DSiWare or did other things after the downgrade.
A more for sure method would be to create a NAND backup and hex edit it to manually apply the first FAT to the second FAT. But that should be a last resort, so a message saying if the above doesn't work ask in the Discord server.

Reviewer: DSiWare are mentioned [right above this](https://github.com/cfw-guide/dsi.cfw.guide/pull/57/files#diff-80fb642665ad721ff45d2eca8d55974cR11), this does kinda make it sound like updating alone can fix it though... And yeah saying to go to Discord if it doesn't work would probably be good. How's this?
```suggestion
If you have downgraded the system in the past, updating back to v1.4.5 (or v1.4.6 if your DS region is Chinese or Korean) can help fix this bug as well.

If the above methods don't work, ask in one of the Discord servers linked at the top of the page for more help.
```

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that looks good to me.

> If you have downgraded the system in the past, reupdating to v1.4.5 (or v1.4.6 if your DS region is Chinese or Korean) will fix this bug as well.

Reviewer: 1.4.6 is China only, not Korea. Also reupdating sounds kinda odd
```suggestion
If you have downgraded the system in the past, updating back to v1.4.5 (or v1.4.6 if your DS region is Chinese) will fix this bug as well.
```
